I have already repaid the five-year kindness
Do you remember what I said when I left?
What did you say?
What did I say?
I'll put it here.
I will kneel and give Mengmeng to you.
If you dare to bully her in the future
I will definitely take her away standing up
What did you say?
What did I say?
You said what I said
You said you knelt down and gave Mengmeng to my mother
If I dare not bully Mengmeng
You'll take her away standing up.
Can I take Mengmeng away now?
can
Richest man
Our whole family is sorry for you.
It's all my fault
Our whole family has been punished
You should take your breath away
Let's go home
Let's take care of Mengmeng together, okay?
I will continue to be your wife and I will bring you tea and water
I will do whatever is asked of me.
Can you give me another chance?
Chu Ruoxi, you know
I just thought about it seriously
Five years.
Have you ever, even just once?
Be nice to me a little bit
But it's a pity
Not once.
Lord Fu, what can I do to forgive me?
Nothing to do.
You and I are so far away
It doesn't matter anymore
God I really know I'm wrong
Can you punish me?
I'll do it myself
It's my fault
I'm cheap
I opened my eyes